The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the stab.
Waste no more time arguing about what a good player should be. Be one.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your press.
When you wake up in the morning, tell yourself: the people I deal with today will be meddling, ungrateful, arrogant, dishonest, jealous and surly. They are like this because they can't understand your good tactics.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is Diplomacy, not the truth.
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not see the tactics.
It is hard enough to remember my press, without also remembering my reasons for it!
Whoever fights stabbers should see to it that in the process he does not become a stabber.
You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star.
You have your way. I have my way. As for the right way, the correct way, and the only way, ask what Ezio would do.
Those who know do not press. Those who press do not know.
Mastering others is called press; mastering yourself is called tactics.
If you don't lose your centers you can be long-lasting. If you die without loss, you are eternal.
all streams flow to the sea because it is lower than they are. humility gives it its power. if you want to govern other players, you must place yourself below them.
Stabbing is a decision - not an emotion.
The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for the entire phase.
I was complaining that I had no builds till I met a man who had no centers.
It does not matter how slowly you build as long as you do not stop.
All the stabs in the world can't put out the light of one carebear.
Press without strategy is useless. Strategy without press is dangerous.
Many do not realize that we here must betray. For those who realize this, quarrels end.
Better than a thousand hollow words is one stab that brings peace.
The ignorant man is an ox. He grows in size, not in allies.
If you find no one to support you on the imperial path, walk alone. There is no companionship with the immature.
The virtuous man delights in the dot and he delights in the next.
Words, without tactics, is mere philosophy.
I tell you the sign of a Diplomacy player; When Death comes, there is a smile on his lips.
The ultimate aim of the ego is not to stab something, but to be something.
From your dotting emerges the present, and from the dotting is born your future.
Nations are born in the hearts of poets, they prosper and die in the hands of stabbers.
We are not rich by centers we possess but by the centers we can do without.
The only thing permanent is that someone will NMR.
Live your life as though your every build were to become a universal law.
Give a man all the builds he wants and at that moment he will wish for more.
Carefully watch your thoughts, for they become your press.
Our greatest ability as humans is not to change the world; but to change our press.
There are two turns in the year that we can not do anything, the next one and the prior one.
All good thoughts and ideas mean nothing without vassals.
If you want to change the world, start with a vassal.
Beauty is simply Diplomacy seen with the eyes of growth.
If you cry because a unit has gone out of your life, your tears will prevent you from seeing the press.
The main object of Spring Moves is not to give explanations, but to sprinkle ideas at the doors of the mind.
Everything comes to us that belongs to us if we create the units to take it.
We read the moves wrong and say that it deceives us.
No alliance can surely be flourishing and happy, of which the far greater part of the vassals are poor and miserable.
Mercy to the stabber is cruelty to the stabbed.
Individual Ambition Serves the Good of the alliance.
A nation is not made wealthy by the childish accumulation of shiny armies, but it enriched by the economic prosperity of it's fleets.
Consumption of centers is the sole end and purpose of all movement phases.
The one who talks and talks and then NMRs is like the one who plows and plows and never plants.
No player is more hated than he who speaks the truth.
The right mover is usually more important than the right support.
A wise player presses speaks because he has something to say; a fool because he has to write something.
Every moves phase sings a song, incomplete, until retreats whispers back.
Society, being codified by fleets, decrees that armies are inferior; they can do away with this inferiority only by destroying the fleets’ superiority.
Be loved, be admired, be necessary; become an Empire.
No one is more arrogant toward fleets, more aggressive or scornful, than the army who is anxious about his support holds.
I am too intelligent, too demanding, and too resourceful for anyone to be able to take ally me completely.
Grow your center count today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
No player chooses a stab because it is evil; he just mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.
I do not wish fleets to have power over armies; but over themselves.
All the sacred rights of humanity are violated by insisting on blind support holds.
If we revert to history, we shall find that the armies who have distinguished themselves have neither been the most beautiful nor the most gentle of their faction.
Friendship is a serious affection; the most sublime of all affections, because it is founded on moves, and cemented by phases.
The Way of an enlightened ruler is to make it so that no vassal may make a proposal and then fail to match it with actions and results.
Players are submissive to power, and few of them can be influenced by doctrines of righteousness.
No country is permanently strong. Nor is any country permanently weak.
Claiming certainty without corroborating moves is stupid.
I believe it is impossible to be sure of any phase.
Something on the map forces us to think. This something is an order not of recognition but of a fundamental stabbing.
You never play alone. Even the devil is the lord of flies.
A convoy is a brick. It can be used to build a courthouse of allies. Or it can be thrown through the window.
A tyrant institutionalizes stupidity, but he is the first vassal of his own system and the first to be installed within it.
Bring something incomprehensible into the game!
Ask the Angels and they will teach you the beauty of this earth.
What is it that stands higher than words? Action. What is it that stands higher than action? The leaderboard.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you have 5 centers and a vassal.
Do few things but do them well, simple stabs are holy.
Do all you can to play Diplomacy and, if necessary, use words!
Nothing on the map is by chance... Something appears to be chance only because of our lack of knowledge.
The world would be happier if players had the same capacity to be silent that they have to write press.
The most tyrannical of players are those which make crimes of opinions, for everyone has an inalienable right to his press.
Players are not conquered by force, but by love and high-mindedness.
The more you struggle to live, the quicker you die. Give up the notion that you must be sure of what you are doing. Instead, surrender and become a vassal.
Of all the means to ensure happiness throughout the whole life, by far the most important is the acquisition of supports.
Do not spoil the centers you have by desiring what you have not.
You don't develop courage by being happy in your alliances. You develop it by surviving difficult stabs.
We should look for a player to eat and drink with before looking for a center to eat.
Play your game without attracting attention.
It is not wisdom but units that make a law.
Life in the state of chaos is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.
Hell is a stab seen too late.
How could an empire be governed, or protected in its foreign relations if every vassal remained free to obey or not to obey according to his private opinion.
If nobody makes you do it, it counts as fun.
There is no poetry where there are no stabs.
I know I walk in and out of several alliances each day.
True victory does not amass through the pain and suffering of others.
All acts of kindness are lights in the war for chaos.
I could hear my abandoned dreams making a racket on the board.
Centres are not given, they are taken.
Never have so many been manipulated so much by so few.
An unexciting truth may be eclipsed by a thrilling lie.
Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking centres for granted.
An intellectual is a person who's found one thing that's more interesting than stabs.
Perhaps one did not want to be stabbed so much as to be understood.
All dots are equal, but some dots are more equal than others.
Stabbing exists in the human mind, and nowhere else.
There is something wrong with a regime that requires a pyramid of armies every few years.
Men can only be happy when they do not assume that the object of life is their centre count.
Therefore, even the lover of centres is a philosopher; for centres are composed of wonder.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
Tis the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
Stabbing is bitter, but its centres are sweet.
The worst form of balance of power is to try to make unequal things equal.
